♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce
battle on Punk Hazard,
the Straw Hat Pirates
head for Dressrosa.
Suddenly, Breed,
a mysterious man
leading a pack of sea monsters,
attacks their ship and
escapes with Caesar Clown.
In an effort to retrieve
their hostage, Luffy,
Law, and Chopper infiltrate
the enemy's ship.
Once there, they
are happily reunited
with a Kung Fu Dugong who had
trained under Luffy in Alabasta.
Pull your arm all
the way back and go!
And make sure you put
your whole body into it!
[NARRATOR] But, Breed was
controlling the animals
with the power of
the Pet-Pet Fruit.
Before long, he was
also able to gain control
of Chopper, Luffy, and even Law.
[BREED]
Pet-Pet!
[LUFFY, LAW grunt]
He got me!
Oh, but I can,
and you're about to
discover that for yourself!
With those collars,
I'll be able to harness
all of your powers to
their fullest extent!
From now on, you
pathetic creatures
are going to obey your new
master's every single command!
[LUFFY]
"Luffy Dies at Sea?!
The Pirate Alliance
Comes Apart!"
It's stuck!
[CHOPPER]
Luffy! Look out!
[cackles]
[CHOPPER grunts]
You have to run away!
Down, boy!
[gasps] He stopped
short! What happened?
[CHOPPER growls]
[BREED] He's only supposed
to act as the bait.
My real target in all
of this is the two of you.
Not a good idea!
Heel!
[grunts] Hey! What the
heck? I can't move!
Room--
You, too!
I can't use Room!
How'd he do that?
[BREED] I've really got it
made from now on, haven't I?
As long as I have
control over you two,
nobody can stop me!
[SEA CREATURES gasp]
Let's try it out, shall we?
Now, you two, sit!
[BOTH grunting]
Now, shake!
No way!
[laughs] Well, do you
get the picture now?
This is what the
Pet-Pet Fruit can do!
Whether you're a member
of the Seven Warlords
or a pirate wanted
for 400,000,000,
you are powerless before me!
Any animal can become my pet,
but since you're
both human scum,
I suppose that makes
you my slaves!
[BREED cackles]
Huh?
[CHOPPER groans]
[BREED growls]
Ooh-ho-ho-ho!
[yelps]
[BREED]
Oh, my goodness!
I didn't notice it earlier
because of that bizarre outfit
you were wearing, but you
really are a cutie pie!
A raccoon with an
adorable wittle blue nose!
Ooh, lucky me!
I've never had a pet
quite like you before!
Just wait till I dress you up,
you'll be irresistible!
Aw, coochy-coochy-
coochy-coochy-coo!
[LUFFY]
Hey, get your hands off him!
That's enough out of you.
I'm locking you up!
Put Sea Prism Stone
handcuffs on them both!
[DUGONG A sighs]
[BREED]
It won't be long now.
Soon, my dream kingdom
will become a reality.
[BREED cackles]
[LUFFY] Let us outta
here, Fancypants!
And you better give
Chopper back to us, too!
Ya hear me?
I'm tired.
Is this cage made of--
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Sea Prism Stone.
He caught you? Pathetic.
Caera-ro-ro-ro-ro...
Caesar!
Hey! Open this door!
I will not!
Why does everyone suddenly
think they can order me around?
Wait a second.
That Breed guy's
controlling you, too?
Well, what do you think?
I like wearing a leash?
Like someone's wretched lapdog?
I am the great
mastermind Caesar Clown!
It's got nothing to do
with who you are.
The Pet-Pet Fruit lets him
manipulate living things.
No matter how smart you are,
that collar makes you his pet.
Tell me, is Breed
working under Doflamingo?
[CAESAR CLOWN] Ha! You're
even denser than I thought!
If he were, why would
he be holding me captive?
He's despicable.
But he definitely
isn't with Doflamingo!
And what was all that nonsense
about a dream kingdom anyway?
Dream Kingdom? What's that?
How the hell should I know?
Argh! This whole situation
is so humiliating!
That bastard has
another thing coming
if he thinks I'm going
to take this lying down!
I heard that.
Lie down!
Caesar. I said...
[yelps]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Curses! You will pay for this!
[BREED cackles]
Talk back to me again,
and I'll make you
roll over, too!
Perfect. We're all set now!
I can't decide what I
should force these slugs
to do for me first!
Hey, jerk!
[BREED]
You humans never learn, do you?
Don't worry. Little Chappy
is perfectly safe.
Chappy?
[CHOPPER giggles]
[BREED]
Chappy!
Stop calling me Chappy!
A dress?
Chappy!
I said my name's Chopper!
[laughs]
Lookin' good there, buddy!
It's not funny! Stop laughing!
Ugh... Oh, that's right, I used
the Rumble Ball. I'm beat.
Aw, are you shy because
everybody's looking at you?
No, I--
Uh-oh, is somebody
in a pouty mood?
Come here, little guy.
Put me down, you weirdo!
[BREED]
Ah!
Luffy!
[BREED growls, yells]
[yelps]
[laughing]
[BREED]
You still don't understand
how this works, do you?
You're supposed to be grateful
when your master pets you.
Do I make myself
perfectly clear?
[ALL whimper]
Chopper, are you okay?
On your knees, Chappy!
[gasps]
[BREED]
Even lower!
Now...
I'm going to discipline
you thoroughly!
[gasps]
[ALL whimpering]
[BREED grunts]
[grunting]
That's enough!
[BREED grunting]
Leave him alone, damn it!
He's my friend.
I won't let you hurt him!
[BREED]
“Friend”? “Friend”?
Did you really
just say “friend”?
Don't be ridiculous!
I don't have any
use for friends!
Friendship is nothing
but a load of nonsense!
It's not worth a damned thing!
All I need is an army
of devoted followers
who will obey me
without question!
I don't want companionship.
I want loyalty!
What good is anyone who
won't succumb to my will?
Why must you stubborn humans
constantly refuse to obey me?
Why are you so attached
to your precious free will?
That arrogance is precisely why
I hate your kind, Straw Hat!
Animals, however--
they are different!
They can easily be trained
to follow my instructions,
and they never complain!
That's why pets are
far superior to friends!
Pets are the best!
[BREED panting]
[BREED]
Now, this is where you come in.
Caesar.
[BREED cackles]
I need you to replicate this!
It's SMILE! But how?
Where'd you get it?
Let's just say I have
friends in low places.
If you can provide me
with an unlimited supply
of manmade
Zoan-type Devil Fruit,
I'll use it to forcibly
turn humans into animals!
Once I do that, there won't
be a single one of you
detestable humans left
in the entire world!
How do you expect
a backwards civilization
like that to work?
[BREED]
Hadn't you guessed?
I'm going to make
every living creature
eat that Zoan-type fruit
and transform into animals.
And then, using the
powers I received
from the Pet-Pet Fruit,
I'll be able to manipulate
them all at will!
I can rule over everything
with all of animal-kind
as my pets!
That's the dream kingdom you're
going to help me build!
[BREED cackles]
[LUFFY]
Go ahead and try.
Huh?
But I don't take
orders from anybody.
What? Were you not listening?
I have the power to make
all living things obey me!
Maybe so, but I still won't!
You arrogant fool!
The only thing you pitiful
humans are good for
is obeying my every command.
Do I make myself clear?
Don't you dare test me!
Oh, yeah? Well, I'm a pirate!
So I play by my own rules!
‘Cause a pirate should be free!
[gasps]
[BREED
“Pirate”? “Free”?
Of all the miserable humans,
you stubborn dreamers
are the worst kind!
[BREED] You know, I was going to
enslave you and spare your life.
But you deserve to die
right here and now!
[DUGONG A yelps]
[LUFFY]
Uh. What's just happened?
What is this place?
[BREED]
It's showtime!
You're about to
witness the terror
of the Pet-Pet Fruit's power!
Now, let's get started.
Trafalgar!
Destroy Straw Hat, right now.
[gasps, grunts]
No!
[BREED]
And you, Straw Hat!
You're going to kill Trafalgar!
[gasps]
Hell no!
Luffy!
What's the purpose
behind this nonsense?
Now, fight to the death!
And no powers, either.
You are going to beat
each other to death
like the pathetic human
brutes that you are!
[BREED cackles]
[BREED] Good. Let's sit
back and enjoy the show!
[BOTH panting]
[CHOPPER]
Luffy! Law!
[DUGONG A yells]
He's awful!
[DUGONG A whimpers]
[BREED cackles]
[grunting]
[BREED cackling]
[BOTH panting]
Traffy. I'm sorry.
I'm not trying to
attack you, I swear!
[LUFFY growls]
[yelling]
[yells]
[LUFFY yells]
[yelps]
[yells]
[LAW groans]
Stop!
[coughs]
[CHOPPER whimpers]
That's good!
Keep it up, you two!
[groaning]
[yelps]
[yells]
[groans]
I still can't control myself!
This sucks!
[BOTH grunt, growl]
The more I punch you,
the more this pisses me off!
[yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LAW gasps]
[yells]
[LAW groans]
[yells] Don't come near me!
That's it, humans!
Destroy each other!
[LUFFY grunts]
[screams]
The leash!
[chuckles] Don't stop now!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I'll just quietly excuse myself.
Genius indeed!
How can he be foolish enough
to think anyone can escape me?
I'll just let him go for now.
I wouldn't want to miss
the show, now would I?
[LUFFY yells]
[gasps]
[sobs]
[yells]
Look out, Seal!
Stay out of this,
you blubbering little fool!
You don't want to get
a whipping, do you?
[ALL gasp]
What?
[DUGONG A grunts]
Stop barking. You fool!
[DUGONG A whimpers]
[barking]
[ALL gasp]
What's this? No one
goes against my wishes!
You know that!
Damn you!
[whimpers]
[BREED growls]
I'll teach you respect!
Get off of me! You idiot!
[BREED yells]
[whimpers]
[grunting]
[ALL gasping]
[DUGONG A grunting]
Stop, no!
Dugong!
[panting]
I see!
You really wanna
help them that badly?
[grunts]
[BREED] Well, if it
means that much to you,
I'll stop them.
Ah!
Straw Hat! Trafalgar!
Stand still!
[pants]
I can't move.
[panting]
[BOTH panting]
[laughing]
[BREED]
Here's an idea.
You do it instead.
Huh?
[cackles]
I didn't know you were so fond
of these mongrels,
Kung Fu Dugong.
It'll be far more entertaining
if the beating comes from you!
I order you to rip
them limb from limb!
Now go!
[DUGONG A yelps]
Damn it! Just let them go!
[cackling]
Don't worry. I can
take it, I swear.
[LUFFY grunts]
[LAW groans]
[whimpering]
[LUFFY grunting]
[sobbing]
[grunts]
[groans]
[BREED] Kung Fu Dugong,
now do you understand
what happens to
those who defy me?
Throw them into the sea!
[LUFFY]
Come on, Seal!
I told you!
You're supposed to pull
your arm all the way back
and put your whole body into it!
But you know, you really
have gotten stronger.
[DUGONG A whimpers]
[yells]
[screams]
[NARRATOR]
The odds of survival seem nil
as Luffy and Law
plunge into the ocean.
Meanwhile, Chopper and Kung-Fu
Dugong launch an attack
against Breed by themselves,
only for it to fail.
When all hope seems lost,
an unimaginable
miracle takes place!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
“A Major Turnaround! Luffy's
Angry Iron Fist Strikes!”
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!